Mention that conditionals can be chained (#5277)
brimdata/zed: docs/language/expressions.md

-2
```

> Conditional expressions can be chained, providing the logical equivalent of

Reviewer: Nit: Avoid any possibly confusion with the "Logic" section.
```suggestion
Conditional expressions can be chained, providing behavior equivalent of
```
